hi everyone welcome back to another
tutorial by AI t conflict computer
repair in austin texas and today's
tutorial will be on the Mac operating
system the specific operating system I'm
using in this tutorial is OS X Mountain
Lion which is the latest release from
Apple and I'm going to be showing you
guys how to access the house file and
again the Mac operating system so a
couple reasons why or a few reasons why
you'd want to access the hosts file is
if you wanted to block access on the
internet or for specific program I don't
want to get too much into detail but if
you're using programs like Little Snitch
to do this for you there's actually a
lot easier way to block such access to
the Internet so in the Mac operating
system what you want to do is first open
up a command prompt or in this case a
terminal so in my case here you can
either open up terminal through the dock
which is here on the bottom or you can
go to spotlight in the top right and
just type in terminal so to get to the
hosts file at this point all you want to
do is type in sudo space nano space Ford
/ private Ford / etc etc' Ford / hosts
and hit enter now it should prompt you
to type in your sudo password in this
case this is the password to your
operating system or whatever you use to
log into your Mac if you have the I
guess the super password once you type
that in you'll see your host file just
pop up here and the ones I have in here
are strictly just for tests I mean these
aren't anything I'm using the block
other than this is what I have my host
file but these are some some addresses
different addresses or different blocks
that people might want to have again
these are strictly just for tutorial so
when you're done updating the host file
to save your settings you want to hold
ctrl on your keyboard hit X and it
should ask if you want to save so I'll
do that one more
time for you guys here I'm actually
gonna make a change so it tells me to
save it there you go so again control X
and then Y for save so it's pretty much
that simple again that's how you access
your hosts file and the Mac operating
system you guys have any questions or
concerns please leave them in the
comments section of youtube.com forward
slash IT conflict you can also find us
on Twitter
that's twitter.com I'm sorry Twitter
comm /i t conflict and we're also on
facebook that's facebook.com/amputeeot
flicked thanks for watching